ALEX PAEN: IT'S TIME TO "GET
WILD" AT THE SAN DIEGO ZOO.
NARRATOR: IN THE ANIMAL KINGDOM,
ONE SPECIES STANDS HEAD AND
SHOULDERS ABOVE THE REST--
THE GIRAFFE! GIRAFFES ARE THE
TALLEST LAND MAMMALS IN THE
WORLD. HOW TALL ARE THEY?
THE AVERAGE MALE GIRAFFE STANDS
18 FEET TALL, AND FEMALES ARE
ABOUT 14 FEET TALL. THEY LIVE ON
SAVANNAS IN AFRICA, WHERE THEY
EAT THE LEAVES OF ACACIA TREES,
WHICH GROW VERY TALL. BUT THAT'S
NO PROBLEM FOR A GIRAFFE.
CAN YOU GUESS WHY?
THAT'S RIGHT! THEIR LOOONG
NECKS. A GIRAFFE'S NECK IS ABOUT
6 FEET LONG. THAT'S THE SIZE OF
A TALL HUMAN.
EVEN THOUGH THEY LOOK SIMILAR,
THERE ARE DIFFERENT KINDS OF
GIRAFFES. ONE WAY TO TELL THEM
APART IS TO LOOK AT THE SPACES
BETWEEN THEIR SPOTS.
A RETICULATED GIRAFFE HAS
SKINNIER SPACES THAN
A ROTHSCHILD'S GIRAFFE.
THE DIFFERENCE RUNS DOWN THEIR
LEGS, TOO. THE SPLOTCHY PATTERN
GOES TO THE TOES ON A
RETICULATED GIRAFFE BUT NOT ON
OF A ROTHSCHILD'S. AT THE VERY
TOP OF A GIRAFFE IS ONE OF THEIR
BEST-KNOWN CHARACTERISTICS--
THEIR OSSICONES. OSSICONES ARE
HORNLIKE GROWTHS, AND ONLY
GIRAFFES AND OKAPIS HAVE THEM.
AS GIRAFFES WALK, INSECTS FLY
AND JUMP OUT OF THEIR WAY,
MAKING IT EASIER FOR BIRDS TO
SWOOP IN AND GRAB A QUICK
MEAL. GIRAFFES ARE AMAZING
ANIMALS, WITH INTERESTING
CHARACTERISTICS AND BEHAVIORS.
AND THAT'S THE LONG AND SHORT
OF IT.
PETE: TODAY WE ARE HERE AT THE
STONE ZOO IN STONEHAM,
MASSACHUSETTS, JUST OUTSIDE OF
BOSTON. AND WE'RE HERE TO TALK
ABOUT GIBBONS.
SO IT'S REALLY IMPORTANT THAT
GIBBONS GET ENRICHMENT EVERY
DAY.
THIS MORNING WE USED A COUPLE
DIFFERENT FEEDERS THAT WE USE.
WE HAVE SMALL PUZZLE FEEDERS
THAT WE CAN PUT THINGS LIKE
GRAPES, RAISINS,
SMALL PIECES OF FRUIT IN.
OTHER TIMES I DROP IT.
HERE WE GO.
AND THE GIBBONS HAVE TO ACTUALLY
WORK AT GETTING THE FOOD OUT.
SO HERE AT STONE ZOO, RIGHT NOW
WE HAVE 4 GIBBONS. WE HAVE OUR
PAIR, OF WHICH KIEN IS THE DAD,
AND THEN TWO OFFSPRING. ONE IS
4 YEARS OLD, AND THE OTHER ONE
IS NOW 11 MONTHS OLD.
GIBBONS LIVE IN FAMILY TROOPS,
SO IT'S BASICALLY YOU HAVE MOM
AND DAD AND THEIR OFFSPRING.
THE OFFSPRING WILL STAY WITH MOM
AND DAD FOR SOMETIMES 8 TO 10
YEARS, AND IN THAT TIME THEY'RE
GONNA LEARN HOW TO BE A GIBBON
FROM THEIR PARENTS AND FROM
THEIR SIBLINGS.
SO KIEN IS OUR MALE GIBBON. HE
IS NOW 14 YEARS OLD. WHAT MAKES
KIEN UNIQUE IS THAT HE'S MISSING
HIS RIGHT ARM JUST BELOW THE
ELBOW. KIEN HAD A TERRIBLE
ACCIDENT AND ENDED UP LOSING THE
ARM, BUT AS YOU CAN SEE, HE'S
ADAPTED FINE TO LIFE WITHOUT HIS
ARM.
WHEN WE GOT KIEN AND WE
INTRODUCED HIM TO THE EXHIBIT,
INTRODUCED HIM TO HIS MATE, WE
REALIZED PRETTY QUICKLY THAT
HE'D HAVE NO PROBLEM GETTING
AROUND IN THE EXHIBIT. KIEN IS
REALLY A CHARACTER. IF YOU WATCH
HIM IN THE EXHIBIT, HE'S NOT
GOING TO IMMEDIATELY RUN OUT AND
GRAB THE BEST TREATS ON EXHIBIT.
HE'S GOING TO KIND OF THINK
HIS WAY THROUGH IT. HE'S GONNA
WATCH THE REST OF THE TROOP,
AND ESPECIALLY IGGY WHO HAS THE
BABY RIGHT NOW. SHE'S KIND OF
RUNNING THE TROOP. SO KIEN
WILL KIND OF WAIT, SEE WHERE
EVERYBODY ELSE GOES, AND THEN
HE'LL METHODICALLY GO THROUGH
THE EXHIBIT, PICKING OUT
THE FOOD. AND THE INTERESTING
THING IS, THE KEEPERS SPEND A
LOT OF TIME HIDING THE GOOD
STUFF, SO KIEN USUALLY GETS THE
GOOD STUFF 'CAUSE HE'S PATIENT.
HE WILL USE HIS FEET TO KIND OF
MAKE UP FOR ONLY HAVING ONE HAND
WHEN HE'S JUMPING THROUGH THE
EXHIBIT AND STUFF. HE WILL
ACTUALLY WALK ON A TIGHTROPE
ACROSS SOME OF THE ROPES IN THE
EXHIBIT. THAT'S SOMETHING THE
OTHER GIBBONS DON'T DO, WHICH IS
REALLY INTERESTING. I THINK ONE
OF MY FAVORITE THINGS WITH KIEN
IS JUST, YOU CAN ALWAYS SEE HIM
THINKING, AND ESPECIALLY WHEN WE
FIRST PUT THEM OUT THIS MORNING,
IS EVERYBODY RAN OUT AND DID
THEIR THING, AND HE SAW--HE
KIND OF HUNG BACK. HE LOOKED
AROUND. HE'S REALLY SMART AND HE
KNOW EXACTLY WHAT TO DO TO GET
THE BEST TREATS THROUGHOUT
THE DAY.
IT'S GREAT TO SEE AN ANIMAL
THAT'S OVERCOME ALL THE
OBSTACLES IN HIS LIFE AND IS
THRIVING HERE AT THE ZOO WITH
HIS FAMILY.
ALEX: WELCOME BACK TO "GET WILD"
AT THE SAN DIEGO ZOO.
JANET: WE'RE SUPER EXCITED
ABOUT OUR NEW LITTLE FEMALE
SILVER-LEAF LANGUR. AND SHE IS
RECEIVING 6 BOTTLE FEEDINGS A
DAY. AND SHE'S BEING FED IN THE
NURSERY FOR OVERNIGHTS AND EARLY
IN THE MORNING. AND THEN WE PACK
HER UP AND WE TRANSPORT HER FROM
THE NURSERY TO VISIT HER FAMILY.
SHE'S DOING VERY WELL. THIS IS
SORT OF UNCHARTED TERRITORY FOR
US, BECAUSE AS FAR AS WE KNOW,
THIS IS THE ONLY SILVER-LEAF
LANGUR THAT WE'VE EVER HAD TO,
UM, ASSIST IN REARING. AND SO
WE'RE NOT SURE WHAT TO EXPECT,
BUT SO FAR SHE'S DOING VERY
WELL. SHE'S GAINING WEIGHT,
SHE'S EATING WELL, SHE HAS GREAT
ACTIVITY AND VITALITY, AND SHE'S
GROWING AND DEVELOPING VERY
WELL. WE ALWAYS TRY TO INTRODUCE
THE BABIES BACK INTO THEIR NATAL
GROUPS OR FAMILY GROUPS AS SOON
AS WE POSSIBLY CAN, USUALLY ON
DAY ONE, SO THAT THERE'S A
CONTINUOUS CONTACT BETWEEN THE
GROUP, ESPECIALLY THE MOM, AND
THE BABY FROM THE VERY
BEGINNING. AND WE HAVE THE BABY
WITHIN VISUAL AND AUDITORY
CONTACT WITH THE FAMILY AS EARLY
AS POSSIBLE. SILVER-LEAF MONKEYS
ARE SORT OF INTERESTING,
ESPECIALLY THE BABIES, BECAUSE
THEY HAVE WHAT'S CALLED A NATAL
COAT. AND THE ADULT ANIMALS ARE
ACTUALLY A BEAUTIFUL SILVER-GRAY
COLOR, COMPLETELY DIFFERENT THAN
THE BABY THAT YOU SEE. THE
BABY'S COAT WILL CHANGE
GRADUALLY OVER TIME. SHE'LL GET
MORE AND MORE OF THE SILVER AND
LOSE MORE AND MORE OF THAT
BRIGHT-ORANGE COLOR.
JEFF: HERE AT THE SAN DIEGO ZOO
INSTITUTE FOR CONSERVATION
RESEARCH, WE'VE JUST HATCHED 9
CRITICALLY ENDANGERED GRAND
CAYMAN BLUE IGUANAS. AND THESE
HAVE HATCHED IN OUR SPECIALTY
CENTER, OUR KENNETH C. AND
ANNE D. GRIFFIN REPTILE
CONSERVATION CENTER. THE GRAND
CAYMAN BLUE IGUANA IS CRITICALLY
ENDANGERED. IT'S ONE OF THE MOST
ENDANGERED REPTILES IN THE
WORLD. AND WE HAVE TWO BREEDING
PAIRS HERE AT THE GRIFFIN
CENTER, AND IT'S VERY IMPORTANT
THAT WE BREED THESE ANIMALS.
IN THE WILD THEY'RE VERY
ENDANGERED, AND IF SOMETHING
SUCH AS A HURRICANE OR OTHER
CATASTROPHE HAPPENS, IT COULD
WIPE OUT THE ENTIRE IGUANA
POPULATION. SO HERE AT THE
CENTER AND IN OTHER ZOOS ACROSS
NORTH AMERICA, WE KEEP CAPTIVE
ANIMALS THAT HAVE THE SAME
GENETICS AS THE WILD ANIMALS.
SO WE BREED THESE AND WE KEEP
THEM AMONGST ALL THE ZOOS IN
CASE SOMETHING HAPPENS, THEN WE
CAN PUT THEM BACK IN GRAND
CAYMAN IF NEED BE. OUR ADULT
ANIMALS WERE HATCHED IN GRAND
CAYMAN, AND THEY WERE BROUGHT TO
US AS JUVENILES WHEN THEY WERE
ABOUT TWO YEARS OLD. AND THE
NEXT YEAR THEY STARTED LAYING
EGGS. AND THOSE HATCH AT ABOUT
100 DAYS, AND ONCE THEY HATCH,
WE RAISE THEM UP. THEY START
EATING THEIR GREENS AND
EVERYTHING THEY LIKE TO EAT.
THEN WE SEE WHICH ZOOS REALLY
NEED ANIMALS FOR DISPLAY OR FOR
THE BREEDING PROGRAM, AND THEY
GET SENT TO OTHER ZOOS. NOW,
THESE ARE CALLED GRAND CAYMAN
BLUE IGUANAS BECAUSE AS THEY'RE
OLDER, THEY BECOME BLUE. WHEN
THEY HATCH, THEY'RE KIND OF GRAY
WITH STRIPES, AND AS THEY AGE
THEY GET MORE AND MORE BLUE.
EVEN OUR ADULTS WHICH AREN'T
FULLY GROWN YET ONLY ARE BLUE
KIND OF IN THE FACE AND ON THE
BACK, BUT WHEN THEY'RE REALLY
LARGE 3- TO 4-FOOT IGUANAS,
THEY'LL BE COMPLETELY
POWDER-BLUE.
JOSH: HEY, EVERYBODY, DO YOU
WANT TO TALK ABOUT A REALLY COOL
TORTOISE THAT LIVES ON AN
ISLAND? I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT
THIS BIG GIRL BACK HERE. I'M
TALKING ABOUT THIS LITTLE ONE.
SO THIS LITTLE GUY RIGHT HERE,
HE'S CALLED A SPIDER TORTOISE,
AND THEY'RE FROM THE ISLAND OF
MADAGASCAR. AND THEY'RE CALLED
SPIDER TORTOISES--HE MAY NOT
LOOK LIKE IT NOW, BUT WHEN
THEY'RE ADULTS, THEIR SHELLS
RESEMBLE A SPIDER WEB. AND
THAT'S HOW THEY GOT THEIR NAME.
SO AS YOU CAN SEE, THIS GUY'S
PRETTY SMALL. HE FITS IN THE
PALM OF MY HAND. BUT LIKE I
SAID, HE'S JUST A HATCHLING.
SO THE ADULTS WILL ACTUALLY GET
ABOUT THE SIZE OF A BAKED
POTATO. SO THAT'S ABOUT 6-8
INCHES LONG.
SO IN THE WILD THESE GUYS ARE
MAINLY GRAZERS, GRAZING ON DRY
GRASSES AND OCCASIONALLY MAYBE
SOME CACTUS. BUT HERE AT THE ZOO
THEY GET A WIDE VARIETY OF FOODS
RANGING FROM ALL KINDS OF
PRODUCE, LIKE ROMAINE AND
DANDELION GREENS, AND
OCCASIONALLY THEY'LL GET SOME
FRUITS, TOO, LIKE BERRIES OR
STRAWBERRIES.
SO THESE GUYS ARE CRITICALLY
ENDANGERED, AND ON TOP OF THAT,
THEY ONLY LAY ONE EGG AT A TIME,
AND IT TAKES 6 WHOLE MONTHS FOR
THESE GUYS TO INCUBATE. AND HERE
AT HOGLE ZOO WE DO HAVE ONE
BREEDING PAIR OF SPIDER
TORTOISES, AND WE HOPE TO
INCREASE THE POPULATION. I THINK
THEY'RE UP FOR THE CHALLENGE,
AND SO ARE WE.
ALEX: WELCOME BACK TO "GET WILD"
AT THE SAN DIEGO ZOO.
MELODI: WE'RE HERE AT THE SAN
DIEGO ZOO SAFARI PARK OUT AT THE
ASIAN PLAINS EXHIBIT WHERE WE
ARE SUPPLEMENT FEEDING A
5-WEEK-OLD GREATER ONE-HORNED
RHINOCEROS CALF.
HER NAME IS SHOMILI, AND HER MOM
IS FEEDING HER AND TAKING CARE
OF HER. WE'RE JUST OFFERING A
COUPLE OF SUPPLEMENT BOTTLES TO
MAKE SURE THAT SHE CONTINUES TO
GROW AS SHE SHOULD.
WE GAVE MILI A LITTLE BIT OF A
MUDBATH TODAY. WE GOT SOME NICE
WARM MUD AND JUST SPREAD IT ALL
OVER HER BODY, SO SHE'S A LITTLE
BIT OF A BROWN RHINO RIGHT NOW.
BUT MUD IS A NATURAL SUNSCREEN
FOR ANIMALS. AND SINCE SHE'S
GOING OUT INTO THE YARD WITH
HER MOTHER AND SHE'S SEEING A
LOT OF SUN RIGHT NOW, THANK
GOODNESS, THEN WE'RE GIVING HER
THAT REAL THICK SUNSCREEN TO
HELP PROTECT HER SKIN. IT ALSO
HELPS TO MOISTURIZE IT A LITTLE
BIT. MUD'S GOOD FOR THAT.
SHE WATCHES MOM AND SHE DOES
WHAT MOM DOES AND EATS WHAT MOM
EATS. THE HOPE IS THAT MOM CAN
COMPLETELY TAKE OVER IN THE
FUTURE. IF NOT, WE'RE PREPARED
WITH BOTTLES AT THE READY, SO
WE'LL JUST KEEP SUPPLEMENTING AS
LONG AS WE NEED TO.
CURTIS: AT 3:39 A.M. THIS
MORNING HERE AT THE SAN DIEGO
ZOO SAFARI PARK, WE HAD A BABY
ELEPHANT BORN. THIS IS SWAZI'S
SECOND CALF. SHE'S A GIRL, AND
NOW WE HAVE 13 AFRICAN
ELEPHANTS. LIKE MOST OF OUR
CALVES, THE BABY GOT UP RATHER
QUICKLY, WITHIN MINUTES OF BEING
BORN. AND SO WHAT WE'RE LOOKING
FOR NOW AND THE MILESTONE THAT
THAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR IS FOR IS
FOR HER TO NURSE SUCCESSFULLY
OFF THE MOM. IT'S ALL
INSTINCTUAL, BUT SHE HAS TO
FIGURE OUT WHERE THE NIPPLE IS
ON HER OWN. MOM HELPS HER OUT AS
SHE CAN, BUT IT'S STILL UP TO
THE BABY. SHE'S GOTTEN REAL
CLOSE AND WE CAN HEAR THE
SUCTION ALL OVER MOM'S BODY,
HASN'T QUITE FOUND THE NIPPLE.
SO WE'RE LOOKING FORWARD TO
SEEING THAT HAPPEN SOON. SWAZI
HAS--THIS IS HER SECOND CALF.
WELL, HER FIRST CALF IS MACEMBE,
AND HE'S A 2 1/2-YEAR-OLD. HE
WAS THERE WITH MOM WHEN SHE HAD
THE BABY, BUT BECAUSE WE WANTED
HER TO BOND AND HAVE MILK JUST
FOR THE NEW CALF, WE SEPARATED
HIM OUT EARLY IN THE MORNING.
NOW, HE WAS BY HIMSELF IN THE
OTHER YARD, SO WE BROUGHT IN
SOME COMPANY. IT'LL BE KAMI AND
HER LITTLE BROTHER EMANTI TO
GIVE MACEMBE SOME COMPANY. WELL,
WE KNEW ALSO THAT KAMI WANTED
TO CHECK OUT THE BABY 'CAUSE SHE
LOVES BABYSITTING. AND SURE
ENOUGH, SHE WENT RIGHT TO THE
FENCE, STUCK HER HEAD IN THERE
AND CHECKED OUT THE BABY. IT
LOOKS LIKE THE BABY WANTS TO SEE
HER AS WELL. BUT RIGHT NOW WE
HAVE MOM AND CALF SEPARATED
JUST SO WE CAN GET THAT BOND
STRONG AND THAT THE CALF CAN
FIND OUT WHERE THE NIPPLE IS SO
IT STARTS NURSING. IT'S REALLY
EXCITING. WE'VE HAD OUR LAST 6
CALVES BE BOYS, SO WE WERE
REALLY HOPING FOR A GIRL.
IT'S ALWAYS UP TO MOM AND DAD,
OF COURSE, BUT WE'RE SO HAPPY
THAT IT'S FINALLY A GIRL.
SO THAT MAKES 3 GIRLS THAT WE
HAVE HERE, SO SHE'S GONNA HAVE A
COUPLE COUSINS THAT ARE A LOT
BIGGER AND OLDER THAN SHE IS,
BUT SHE'S GONNA HAVE SOME
EXCELLENT BABYSITTERS.
[WOLVES HOWLING]
JEFF: HEY, GUYS, I'M JEFF THE
NATURE GUY AT ZOO MONTANA AND
YOU'RE LOOKING AT THE GRAY WOLF.
NOW, I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
THINKING. YOU'RE SAYING, "WAIT A
MINUTE, THAT THING'S WHITE."
WELL, GET THIS. THEY CAN COME IN
WHITE, GRAY, OR BLACK.
IT DOESN'T MATTER. SO COOL. AND
THEY'RE FOUND ALL OVER MONTANA,
MOST OF WHICH ARE IN YELLOWSTONE
NATIONAL PARK.
THEY'RE IMPORTANT BECAUSE THEY
KEEP THINGS IN CHECK. LIKE IN
YELLOWSTONE THEY EAT THINGS LIKE
ELK AND DEER, AND IF WE HAVE TOO
MANY ELK AND DEER, THEY TAKE
DOWN THE TREES AND NOTHING CAN
LIVE. AND GET THIS. THEY ARE
REALLY COOL WHAT THEY DO. THEY
ARE TALL, BUILT FOR SPEED, AND
WHAT THEY DO IS THEY HUNT IN
PACKS. SO IMAGINE A GROUP OF
MAYBE 5 OR 6 OR EVEN 8 OF THESE
WOLVES ALL GOING AFTER SOMETHING
BIG LIKE A BISON.
[BISON GRUNTING]
AND ONE FINAL THING. YOU GIRLS,
YOU'RE GONNA LIKE THIS. THE WOLF
FAMILY, THEY'RE RULED BY GIRLS.
THAT'S RIGHT, THEY'RE A FEMALE
DOMINATED SOCIETY, MEANING THE
GIRLS ARE THE BOSSES.
WHO DOESN'T LOVE THAT?
SO I GOT A GRAY WOLF, ABOUT 124
POUNDS, AND LOOK AT HOW TALL
THEY ARE. THEY'RE BUILT FOR
SPEED. COOL STUFF.
BRITTNAY: TODAY AT UTAH'S HOGLE
ZOO, WE ARE ACTUALLY LOOKING AT
THE BAT-EARED FOXES. AND RIGHT
NOW THEY'RE EATING THEIR
AFTERNOON SNACK OF CRICKETS.
WHEN I FED THE CRICKETS TO THE
FOXES, THEY ATE REALLY FAST,
THEY FOUND THEM QUICKLY, THEY
HAD TO MOVE ON IT. AND THAT'S
BECAUSE ONCE THEY FIND THAT PREY
ITEM, THEY MOVE REALLY FAST.
THEY NEED TO GET THAT FOOD
QUICKLY TO GET THAT SOURCE OF
CALORIES. AND IT'S REALLY
IMPORTANT THAT THEY EAT A LOT OF
FOOD.
BAT-EARED FOXES LIVE IN EASTERN
AND SOUTHERN AFRICA IN THE
GRASSLANDS AND SHRUB AREAS.
THE FOOD THAT THEY MAINLY EAT IS
INSECTS.
THEY EAT A LOT OF TERMITES,
OTHER BUGS, SOME SMALL REPTILES
AND SMALL MAMMALS.
SO BAT-EARED FOXES' EARS
ACTUALLY HELP THEM WHEN HUNTING
FOR THEIR FOOD. THEIR EARS ARE
SO BIG THAT THEY CAN ACTUALLY
HEAR THE INSECTS UNDERNEATH THE
GROUND. SO AT NIGHT THEY'LL COME
OUT AND THEY'LL HOLD THEIR HEADS
REALLY CLOSE TO THE GROUND SO
THAT THEY CAN HEAR THE INSECTS
MOVING AROUND. AND ONCE THEY
HEAR IT AND THEY'RE REALLY
CLOSE, THEY'LL START DIGGING AND
GET THAT NIGHTTIME MEAL.
ONCE THE BAT-EARED FOXES ARE
DONE EATING, A LOT OF TIMES
THEIR BELLIES ARE REALLY FULL
AND THEY LIKE TO TAKE A NAP.
ALEX: WELCOME BACK TO "GET WILD"
AT THE SAN DIEGO ZOO.
MAN: THESE LARGE REPTILES ARE
CARNIVORES THAT EAT MEAT.
THEY LIVE IN GRASSLANDS AND
FORESTS NEAR THE BEACHES OF
INDONESIA.
THEY ARE THE LARGEST LIZARDS IN
THE WORLD AND CAN REACH UP TO 10
FEET IN LENGTH. CAN YOU GUESS
WHAT IT IS?
[BUZZER]
IT'S A KOMODO DRAGON.
KOMODO DRAGONS USE THEIR LONG
FORKED TONGUE TO PICK UP SCENTS
IN THE AIR THAT CAN
GUIDE THEM TO FOOD.
THEIR SALIVA CONTAINS A SPECIAL
BACTERIA THAT CAN WEAKEN LARGE
PREY. KOMODO DRAGONS LIKE A BIG
MEAL. THANKS TO THEIR DEADLY
BITE, THEY CAN CATCH AND EAT
LARGE ANIMALS LIKE WILD PIGS,
DEER, AND EVEN BUFFALO.
THIS MAMMAL LIVES ON AN ISLAND
STATE THAT IS PART OF AUSTRALIA.
THESE ANIMALS LOOK A LITTLE LIKE
A RAT AND ARE AS BIG AS A SMALL
DOG, BUT THEY ARE NEITHER.
THESE CURIOUS FOUR-LEGGED
CREATURES ARE ACTUALLY
MEAT-EATING MARSUPIALS.
CAN YOU GUESS WHAT IT IS?
[BUZZER]
THIS IS A TASMANIAN DEVIL.
TASMANIAN DEVILS TRAVEL LONG
DISTANCES AT NIGHT, MAKING EERIE
SCREECHES AND GROWLS WHILE
SEARCHING FOR FOOD. THEY HAVE
STOCKY BODIES, POWERFUL JAWS,
AND SHARP TEETH FOR CHEWING MEAT
AND CRUSHING THE BONES OF THEIR
PREY. TASMANIAN DEVILS ARE
SOLITARY ANIMALS BUT SOMETIMES
COME TOGETHER TO FEED.
THESE TINY ARTHROPODS EXIST IN
MOST LAND HABITATS AND ARE
IMPORTANT TO EVERY ECOSYSTEM.
THEY LIVE IN COLONIES AND ARE
AMONG THE MOST ABUNDANT ANIMALS
ON EARTH. THEY USE THEIR
ANTENNAE FOR SMELLING, TOUCHING,
AND TASTING AND CAN CARRY ITEMS
MANY TIMES THEIR OWN WEIGHT.
CAN YOU GUESS WHAT THIS IS?
[BUZZER]
IT'S AN ANT.
ANTS LIVE IN COLONIES MADE UP OF
MANY FEMALE WORKERS, A FEW
MALES, AND A SINGLE QUEEN, WHOSE
ONLY JOB IS TO LAY EGGS. MOST
ANT COLONIES NEST UNDERGROUND
OR IN A TREE, BUT SOME SPECIES
DON'T HAVE ANY NEST AT ALL.
AN ANT COLONY KNOWS WHO BELONGS
AND WHO DOESN'T AND TREATS ANTS
FROM OTHER COLONIES AS
INTRUDERS. ALL DONE. LET'S TAKE
A MOMENT TO RECAP.
ALEX: THANKS FOR JOINING US.
SEE YOU NEXT TIME ON "GET WILD"
AT THE SAN DIEGO ZOO.